---
layout: post
title: "Shitter.ch XSS"
author: thexssguy
status: fixed
---

This post contains both the [original pastebin post](#original-pastebin-post) and an [in-depth explanation](#explanation)
on how this vulnerability worked.

### Original pastebin post:

```
code:
[yt]" srcdoc="&lt;scr&#105;pt&gt;alert('the xss guy')&lt;&sol;scr&#105;pt&gt;[/yt]

1. escaped src
2. declare srcdoc which takes priority over src
3. escape "<", "/", and "script"
4. profit
```

### Explanation

On [shitter.ch](https://shitter.ch), there are custom markup elements such as `[i]` (_italics_) or `[b]` (**bold**). One
element of interest was the `[yt]` element. This element would allow you to embed YouTube videos by surrounding a YouTube
video ID with the `[yt]` tag like this: `[yt]dQw4w9WgXcQ[/yt]`.

The way that these elements are implemented is flawed. Instead of taking the content in between the tags, HTML/URL
encoding it and inserting the result into a HTML attribute, the `[yt]` tag was being replaced with the start of the
`<iframe>` tag, and the `[/yt]` tag was being replaced with the end of the `<iframe>` tag. Here is what the code looks
like:

```python
text = text.replace("[yt]", '<iframe src="https://youtube.com/embed/')
text = text.replace("[/yt]", '"></iframe>')
```

This implementation mistake could be exploited by using a quote to escape out of the `src` attribute and adding more
attributes such as what I used below:

```
[yt]" srcdoc="&lt;scr&#105;pt&gt;alert('the xss guy')&lt;&sol;scr&#105;pt&gt;[/yt]
```

After the server received the post, it would transform the above markup to something like this:

```html
<iframe
  src="https://youtube.com/embed/"
  srcdoc="&lt;scr&#105;pt&gt;alert('the xss guy')&lt;&sol;scr&#105;pt&gt;"
></iframe>
```

A few questions that you may have about this result:

**Why `srcdoc`?**

`srcdoc` seems to take priority over `src`.

**Wouldn't this code execute in the sandbox of the `<iframe>` and not on shitter.ch itself?**

That would be correct. You could have possibly escaped the sandbox by adding an `onmessage` handler attribute and sending
a message to the parent window with the `<iframe>`. While still in the context of the `<iframe>` you could still be a
nuisance by opening new windows and showing alerts.

**Why HTML escape the "<", ">", and "script"?**

Those characters and the word "script" is blocked on shitter.ch. Your post will not go through if your post contains
anything on the blocklist.

*Submit new questions at <mailto:thexssguy@gmail.com>*